     Source of light




 A touch of Silence fell upon me, it was not a touch, and it was not a
                feeling as words fail to grasp it as such.
A ray of Light went through me, it woke me up from a long long dream.



                      Dritan alpha
                                 Chapter VII - A draft of ME

“In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.”



                                            Poem of ME
                      What am I, What am I? I am Open Field, I am Open Field
          What am I, What am I? I am Silence from the Open Field, from the Open Field
         What am I, What am I? I am the Light from the Open Field, from the Open Field
                                        .
                                        .
                                        .


                Wake up my son, wake up. Darkness is coming. Wake up my son!!!




                              WAKE UP!
Reality has no words, yet words are Reality. I am out of touch. You only know touch when you
are out of touch.
I took a personality test in 2018 and another one in 2022. There was a staggering difference
between the two. What had changed? What hadn’t changed?
Our brains are full of memories from the past. Our attitude towards these memories can
determine if they are useful or useless. Every moment we have an opportunity to decide what
type of Past do we want. Once we know what Past we want we can then use it to face the
future. The future is always coming towards us. We are stationary, here, and now, always for
eternity. We are always confronting the future. The past becomes a shield for us to deal with
the future.
                                                                                               79
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
                                        A picture of me
                                        (Vortex of thought)



                                             Heaven




 Past                                                          Future




                                               Hell




                                                                        80
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
When we look at the world, we don’t look at the world. There is way too much information for
us to process. Instead, we look for differences. We look for change. What has changed since last
time? since last blink? We focus on differences. Our brain scans the world for change. My cat
does the same thing. As soon as we bring a new object, it maps it out. It becomes known.
We split the world into two categories. We use duality. We see the world from a dualistic point
of view. Let’s take an example. A man and a woman have more in common than they differ
from one another. In fact, they are the same in a million ways versus different in just three or
four ways. But commonality fades in the background, change happens but is not perceived. It
becomes static. No new information can be obtained so it disappears in the background.
Now we split the world even more. Now we have gender pronouns. We zoom in in differences
and come up with new words. The Bible starts with “At the beginning it was the word...” The
universe started with a word. What is a word? A word is a sound. What is a sound? A sound is
vibration. Science tells us that the universe started with a Big Bang from a single point. The
entire universe roared through with a Big Bang. What is Big Bang? It is a sound; it is a word.
The word of GOD, giving birth to our universe. The sound of GOD roaring the universe into
being. We breathe in a universe, and we breathe out a universe.
What would a world without words be like? Everyone is fed with the same amount of food,
optimized for one’s health. Will we be conscious, unconscious, or super conscious? Will we be
able to master telepathy at our will?
We see the universe. The reality is very complex. We reduce this complexity to duality. We are
not able to perceive reality as it is. So we simplify, we simplify a lot. For example: White vs
Black, Day vs Night, Right vs Wrong. There is infinite amount of space between our dualistic
model of reality.
The words gender and pronouns follow the same pattern. Male vs Female, He vs She. This
model has worked for quite some time now, for ever. It is a simplification of reality. In fact we
are finding out that it is too simplistic. It is missing out important information.
We start with duality and we move to Duality Spectrum view of the world. What duality
spectrum does, it provides better resolution, it adds more information to our dualistic view of
the world.
Instead of Male/Female, He/She model of the world we are adding more resolution. We are
getting closer and closer to reality. We see duality as binary option, Yes or No, black or white.
This has been the view for quite some time, forever. Now we are starting to take a look at
duality and start adding some detail, resolution. So, for the pronouns we are transitioning from
duality to Duality Spectrum.
I say, if it can be done once, it can be done over and over again.

                                                                                                    81
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
If we are taking a chisel at duality as we are doing with the pronouns, then it only takes a crack
to bring the entire language down to its knees. Language is built in duality. Words are duality.
This might be an isolated case and it might not propagate. But if our He/She reality of the world
is shattered because it was not representing reality sufficiently then we might start adding
more and more resolution to all of language, so it approximates reality better.
How many more pronouns can we introduce so we have a good representation of reality and at
the same time having the language still stay intact. At which point do we say language will
collapse after we add one more pronoun or in general when we add one more word in the
Duality Spectrum?
At which point do we say language and words have reached their peak, their climax? At which
point do we say language and words are done. They had their time of glory. At which point do
we go directly to the brain or our mind to represent a better model of reality?
The world of words is coming to an end. We are finding out that duality is a oversimplification
of reality. It is a rough model. It is a prototype. It is an inexpensive model, it doesn’t consume a
lot of brain power. We do not have much brain power. For what we have, duality is good
enough.
The emergence of brain-machine-interfaces will transition us from language model of reality,
from a duality model of reality to a more complex, higher resolution, more resource intensive.
It will be a Xality instead of duality. It will be Xeality much closer to reality.
It is ironic that I proclaim that duality is over, language is over and yet I introduce more words.
Language is our model of communication. It will not take long until we will jump to a new mode
of communication, a new mode of being.
More and more we are immersed with our tools. We are moving to a world of connected
minds. We have made great progress using our existing tools, yet we haven’t scratched the
surface.
Imagine what can be achieved when not only great minds get together but when all minds get
together. Is this a figure of speech or a literal truth coming toward us?
What will the world look like 100 years from now? We can see our progress over the last 100
years.
We will be connected permanently; will we be able to take a break from the hive? Will we
descend to a 2D reality? Or will it be a fake 3D simulation of the world. What will the transition
look like? We are in the midst of it. We can not see it. When you are deep in the woods you are
missing the forest.



                                                                                                  82
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
How is the transition for the pronouns is happening right now? Are we embracing the change or
are we fighting to keep what we have? Just by introducing one word, one pronoun and the
world is in turmoil. With just one added word we are leaving Duality and into Duality Spectrum.
Just by adding one extra word in the He/She duality we have created so much confusion and
discussion. We are not our tools. Language is a tool. How many more words can we add before
the He/She duality collapses? One can say that it has already collapsed. Adding 10, 20, 50, 100,
10 billion pronouns will be the same as not having pronouns at all. When everyone will be
referred uniquely by their personal pronouns, then I will have to remember everyone’s
pronouns. Just one word we introduce, and it will paralyze me. What will happen instead I will
use language to avoid using pronouns at all. So here we go one word down, infinity to go. A
language police will be necessary to ensure we are compliant. I have seen this before; it is not
new. It happened during communism. It is happening again.
If everyone adopts their personal pronouns my chances of using the wrong pronoun will
increase drastically. We are starting to be afraid of using the wrong pronoun. How long before
we are afraid to speak at all.
We are only talking about one duality pair here. Let’s look at an example.




          White                                                    Black



How many words do we need to describe the white/black duality? How many shades of gray
are there in between? How many more words do we need to add to our language to capture
the black/white spectrum precisely? If we have gray now. Do we represent reality precisely if
we just use gray? Is gray = 50% white and 50% black? Who decides how many shades of gray
should we split the Duality Spectrum? Should 23.1%white and 89.7%black have the same gray
word? They are not the same. Maybe we can decide how many shades of gray we should assign
new words based on our ability to detect the difference. Are we going to offend anyone for
using the wrong word? We are afraid now for using the wrong pronoun. Before it was simple,
maybe too simple. So if we can take one word from Duality to the Duality Spectrum, if it can be
done once it can be done over and over again.
What is the resolution of the Duality Spectrum? We know the world; our perceived reality is a
continuum. It is too complex for our brains and senses to perceive. We have developed
language to simplify reality. Now we say the simplification is not good enough. We need to
build a better model of reality. We say duality is not enough. We need Duality Spectrum.



                                                                                                83
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
                                                                        SHE
             HE


What are the rules going from Duality to Duality Spectrum? With gender pronouns the list is
growing as more and more people would want to identify uniquely to the world.
We are all 100% unique in some way. If we all choose a pronoun based on our uniqueness, then
we are all individuals. How many pronouns can you add to the Duality Spectrum? Overtime we
all want to be recognized for our differences. The more pronouns we add the more meaningless
the word “pronoun” will become. The more meaningless the word will become, it will drop out
of the discourse. We will then have a language where pronouns are not important because
everyone has one. So the word pronoun will fall in the background. It will be static. No change.
Our brains will not perceive it. Life goes on and we do not need to refer to anyone by pronouns.
The word pronoun will cease to exist. It will be part of history discussion. If it can be done for
one word, it can be done for all words. This way, one word at a time we decimate Duality.
Duality Spectrum will be the flavour of the month, and it will also collapse. Language will be
part of history as well. Duality Spectrum language will keep increasing in detail and resolution
to match reality. The more detail we add, the finer the resolution we reach a stage that all
words become meaningless. Reality does not have words. We use words to stumble up the hill.
Why is language divisive? We say we have a left and a right hand. We have a left and a right
hemisphere. In reality there is no left or right. I am unique. I am one organism. Not even that. I
interact with the world. There is no boundary where I draw of what is me and what is other.
Nature is complex. Where does the left hand start and where does it end? We simplify reality
by creating a dualistic model. It is not reality, it is a representation of reality. It is an over
simplification of reality. Our language is limited and divisive. We realize the simplification of
duality language. We are revising the model of the world to be more inclusive and more
accurate. The pronouns spectrum is one example.
Our language, our behaviour, our mode of being is built on our dualistic view of the world. The
world is not dualistic. But our limited capacity to map out the world has produced a dualistic
model of the world. If you go from left hand one cell at a time you will end up all the way to the
right hand. At no point in you journey you will see a customs station saying show me your
passport, you are leaving left hand. At that level of magnification left and right concepts
become meaningless. So then duality language is simply a relative concept.
We build the model of the world at different levels of magnification. We arbitrarily draw
boundaries and come up with language that simplifies and represents reality. By doing so we
create traps, cognitive traps and we think reality is duality. Once you are in the duality mindset,
your dualistic mode of being, we create boundaries, groups, we separate left from right and we
fight over our divisions.

                                                                                                     84
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
The dualistic division is a consequence of our inability to map our reality fully as it really is.
Can our tools help with this? Can technology help us break free of our duality mode of being?
The pronouns might be the first case where we try to shatter our dualistic view of the world.
We are adding more and more pronouns which increase the resolution of the world. How many
more can we add before our language falls apart and words loose their meaning. Words are
based in dualistic thinking. Will technology increase our capacity to handle more resolution of
the world? Will BMI help us break free of the duality mode of being. Will we have a police state
monitoring every word we utter? Will we add enough words inside the dualistic spectrum such
that words loose their meaning? Will it be at time where we all achieve Silence? When you
reach Silence of the mind then words become meaningless, no need to use words and
thoughts. Will we achieve our true nature, our true SELF? Will we be one with awareness and
consciousness?
Our thoughts alternate between Past and Future. Left to Right, Up to Down. We are constantly
preoccupied. What will a world look like when we fall in peace, when we realize our true self.
No need for duality, no need for language. Our capacity to think and speak are tools we
currently use. They will become obsolete. BMI is the bridge to our next level of evolution. We
will be telepathic, and it will be the mode of being. Silence is the antidote, the potion, to
language and words. Silence of words, Silence of speech, Silence of Mind.


What is meaning? It is a concept, word, text, action.
What is concept? It is an idea, notion, invention
What is idea? It is thought
What is thought? It is idea it is thinking.
What is a word? Single distinct meaningful element of speech or writing.
What is speech? Ability to express thoughts and feelings by articulate sounds.
What is thought? Idea, thinking.
What is feeling? It is sounds.
What is action? Process of doing something.
What is text? Main body of book or other piece of writing.


Therefore Thought ->Sound->Words-> (Meaning, Concept, Idea)

                                                                                                     85
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
What is thought? Firings of neurons.
What is a neuron? Nerve cell, synapses.
What is a synapse? A junction between two nerve cells. Diffusion of neurotransmitters.
What is a neurotransmitter? A chemical substance that is released at the end of nerve fibres.
What is chemical substance? Keep digging.
What is language? Human communication, consists of words, conveyed in speech, writing or
gesture.
What is gesture?
What is writing?
What is the point of all this?
A word does not stand on its own merit. Every word is defined by other words. All words
require explanation. We say it all the time. What do you mean? We don’t know what it means.
What is silence? It is absence of thought. What is absence of thought? It is absence of firings of
neurons. What is that? It is absence of chemical substance? What is that? Keep digging
I was swimming against the flow of life. Everything was collapsing around me. Just with a simple
realization I turned around. I am enjoying the flow now.
I was facing so much resistance. Everything I did was hard. I was pushing hard even for the
simplest of things. Simple things like living. Living happens to me, I am not doing it, it happens. I
was fighting to live. I am living peacefully now. It was a simple realization. If everything is
against you, you have two choices. You either fix everything or you fix yourself. All along I was
trying to fix the world. It is an impossible task. Then I started with myself. All of the sudden I
was in the sea of acceptance. Resistance dissolved and melted away. Life is an adventure now.
I used to be very judgmental, I had a strong sense of right vs wrong. I was not living. I was
judging the world. Life became beautiful when I dropped the judgments. Life is beautiful now.
I had created a world in my head. There was no room for anything else. I was rigid, stiff in my
dealings with the world. I was stuck in a static impression of the world. It was at odds with the
actual world. I was facing so much resistance. It didn’t take long until my world was no match
for reality. I collapsed within my walls. I fell deep in the underground, right at my bottom.
It was there where I faced my fears. I was stripped down to nothing. All my notions of the world
were misguided. I had nothing left, almost nothing left. I had burned down to the ashes. Where


                                                                                                   86
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
did I go wrong? All my life I chased after knowledge. I chased absorbing more and more
information. Where did I go wrong? My brain was full of memory. I became paralyzed.
Why do we talk? We talk to communicate with others. Why do we talk to ourselves? We do not
need to talk to ourselves to communicate with ourselves. We know what we know why talk to
ourselves. Is it possible not to talk to yourself? Not only it is possible, it is the only way.
Self talk can be destructive. Self doubt is poison to our being. Language is for survival. I was
paralyzed by brain chatter. I was talking to myself nonstop. Language is for survival and for
reduction of suffering. Are we suffering less? The first sentence of this book started with Why
do we suffer?
I lost connection with the outside world. I was absorbed in self talk and brain chatter.
Language is coming to an end. Language will be obsolete. We can start by scaling back. We can
start by not talking to ourselves. You already know what you are thinking. By talking to yourself
you are just repeating. Language comes from thought.
We are stuck in a loop of Thought-Language-Thought. This is useful when we talk to others. For
ourselves we can stay on thought. Not even that. Where does thought come from? We do not
need to stay in thought. Awareness, that is our home. It is our base, our foundation.
Awareness is an antidote to thought and language. A lot can be said without speaking. All can
be said without language. The era of words is coming to an end.
We simplify the world. Thoughts oversimplify the world. Words oversimplify the thoughts. Once
spoken, words are further simplified and misunderstood by others. The resolution of the world
keeps getting more and more granular. The world in my head has no resemblance with the
world out there. I have to let go of everything. Everything in my head is old and obsolete. The
brain is not made to recycle old memories. The brain is made to be fully present, fully aware
right now, fully awake to this world right in front of me. This is when I am at me full self. I am
full awareness.
Verbal communication accounts for 7-30% of total communication. How much of it is recorded?
Nonverbal communication accounts for 70-93%. Imagine if we had the tools to capture all of
communication. Awareness is complementary to thought. It is duality. Awareness in one end
and thought in the other. In between we pop in and out of existence. If you engage 100% with
the world you are in awareness. If you engage 100% with thought your are in you head.
When you face a problem you cannot use old knowledge and outdated conceptual patterns.
You must be aware and face the problem right on with 100% focus and awareness. How much
focus can one muster?



                                                                                                   87
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
When you make a mistake you learn a lesson. My mistakes were like an avalanche. It took me
three years to dig myself out. When you come out, you are aware, you are awake, one blink
and off you go to the underworld again. Fool me once.
I lost zest for life. I became nihilistic. I was wondering pointlessly. I was drifting apart.
I am awake now. I am aware now. I am focused now. I point my laser at my aim.
Before I used to preach, now I act. I started healing when I stopped comparing.
If your body is not efficient it burns more. When it burns more you eat more. Stress makes you
very inefficient. Just by reducing inefficiencies I eat once or twice a day.
First find out where you are. If you do not know, do not move a thought.
The world is a mirror. What you see is what you are.
Before I had two types of people in my head. The ones that agree with me and the one that
don’t. My goal was to convert the ones that didn’t agree with me. I was in constant fight.
Now I am adopting a new model of being. How I act is How I am, What I am.
Life is a labyrinth. More often than not you have to turn back and take a different path. If you
are not making any progress, it doesn’t mean you reached the end. Simply a dead end. We are
going towards a dead end. Universe is going towards a dead end. 5% left.


Language is discriminatory. It compares, it judges, it selects. We impose language to the
universe. We describe the universe with language, with thoughts. Then we confuse the
thoughts for the universe. We have created our own thoughtverse. I am aware of both
universes. I am aware of One universe. I am aware of me. I am aware. I am. I.
It is only words; they have no real meaning. We are stuck in meaning. The universe is
meaningless, and we impose meaning. Words are meaningless.
Everything that repeats or is in a loop will be done by machines. If you are spinning in your
head, machines will take care of that.
Past and Future are repetitive patterns of thinking. They are repetitive, they are loops.
Right now this very moment is irreplaceable. It is happening right now it is not repetitive.
This is the only thing that makes me, ME. That is what I am. I am now. No machine can be in the
now. All machines are in the past and in the future. There is only one machine that does the
Now. It is me. It is what I am, I am awareness. I am stillness. I am now. I am always now, the
eternal now.


                                                                                                88
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
If everything is meaningless, how do you exist? There is no “everything” and there is no
“meaningless”. All there is is ME. What do I want to be? I want to be ME. There is nothing to
do, I am already ME.
I am in this mode of acceptance. I am open to life. My life has been a drama, time for some
comedy.
That what you are is that what you project. That what you project is reflected back. I am the
universe.
There is no need to destroy language. Language is a tool. How do we use tools? Why do we use
tools? To achieve some greater thing that we would not be able to achieve without the use of
the tools. Are we getting out of language what we are looking for? Is language serving its
purpose. Is it time to upgrade this tool we call language? What happens if we get rid of
language? Language is attached to thoughts. Same goes for the thoughts. They are tools for me
to use. There go thoughts with language. You get rid of meaning. Now you are meaningless. You
were always meaningless, but you thought you were meaning.
When you got the first tool, the very first thought, you confused your tool for meaning and you
became meaning. You were no longer meaningless. You became meaning. You became your
tool. You became your thoughts. You are now deep, deeply in meaning.
We do not need to destroy language. We do not need to get rid of our thoughts. Language is a
tool. Thoughts are our tool.
We use tools all the time. They need to be sharp. There is no use for a dull tool. They work
better when they are sharp. When do we use our tools? What do you want to get done?
Depending on what you want, it is what you use. Once you are done you put the tool aside.
What do we do? We think all the time. We never put our tools down. They are getting dull. We
have become one with our tools. We are our tools.
WOW!!! From the very first thought up to this very moment we have been addicted to our
tools. We have become so dependent that there is no boundary between ourselves and our
tools. We have become one and the same.
There is no need to have a conversation with yourself. You already know what you need to do,
how you need to be. Just be!
When you are with yourself, alone, put your tools down. Then and only then life will thrive
inside you.
I was never at peace with myself. I was always on the edge. I was molded in this manner over
time. I was always in a hurry. Never satisfied with where I was. Now I am at peace. Now, I am.
I think therefore I am. So we think. Thoughts and thinking are my tools. I am not my tools.

                                                                                                 89
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
I am and I have tools. Thoughts, Language, body. They are all my tools. I use them when I need
them.
What is air? What is food? They are universe. They are intake from the universe into ME. They
are what I take from the universe. What I give back is some air and some excrement. It is a fair
deal. I keep playing this game with the universe. It is a win-win scenario. It is my transaction
with the universe. I take something, I give something. We interact with the universe all the
time. I am the universe. If I wasn’t the universe then air or food would not jive, interact,
assimilate within me. I am the universe.
I breathe air in, I breathe air out. I take food in, and I give some back.
Everything is flow. If you go one second at a time from the time you put something in your
mouth until it comes the other end, when does food become shit? We chop up the flow and we
give it words. There is no start and there is no end. There is only flow.
Language separates. With no language everything is flow. Language puts dams in place and we
get a chopped up version of reality. With no dams water flows. Language is low level resolution
of reality. The higher the resolution closer we get to reality. Or so I think. We keep chopping
reality, hoping to get closer. But if we do not chop at all, reality is in front of us.
For food we have only two words. What comes in and what goes out. There is a world in
between. When you take a shortcut, you miss many steps. Language is a shortcut. That is what
language is. It takes many shortcuts. It reduces the complexity of the world. It does that
because the world is too complex.
But then we say I am my mind and we in turn believe that all there is is thoughts and words.
This becomes our universe and that is where we live. We live in our minds. It is our universe.
The way I see it is like this. Food comes in and we shit on it. And it becomes shit. How is this
possible? The only way it is possible if we are indeed shit. If we are food then food would come
out of us. The universe is food. And so am I. That what you are is that what you project, that is
what you produce. Are we being fair with the universe? The universe does not care, it is beyond
words. We are the universe. There is no food or shit. It is all the same. That doesn’t mean we
should eat our shit. We produce it, we do not eat it. We do not even produce it. We are just
part of the flow. All there is is flow.
I have mentioned it before that language is a shortcut. It cuts corners. It jumps from one end to
another. It disregards everything in between. There is a lot that is being discarded.
I am detaching myself from language, from thoughts. They are my tools. They don’t stick to me.
Language is a choice. I use it because that is what others understand.
Let’s go back to the pronouns example. What is a pronoun? It is a word. What is a word? It is a
sound. So we make a bunch of sounds and we give them labels. We call them words. Since
                                                                                                 90
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
language is made up by making a bunch of noise, sounds, then you can make a new sound and
decide it is your personal pronoun. You identify with this new sound. And if you get bored of a
sound you can switch to another one and make that your new identity. Or you can have one for
each day like you change your socks. This is all play with words so let’s have some fun.
Time for a change. If pronouns is my personal choice, then what will I choose? Hmmmm? The
sky is the limit. Even if I get it wrong or it doesn’t suit me, I strip it down and choose another
one. Thus far we had He and She. Now we increase the resolution. Because you take a shortcut
from He to She, you miss a lot in between. So far our world was simplified to the dual pair
He/She. It’s time to look in between. Do we want to know the reality better or are we sticking
with what we have and take shortcuts? One word down. Infinity to go. That is the point.
Language is a choice. If we can do this with pronouns imagine the horizons.
Language is my doing and not the other way around. We can distance ourselves from our
words. Only then they become the tools they are meant to be. That is when we penetrate
reality itself. Only when words are used as tools, as extensions of what we are, are they mighty.
Words are sounds. How we roar is how we are. Roaring comes from meaningless and delivers
meaning.
I am an atom. I am an electron. They are just words. I am a fundamental unit. I am not divisible.
I am ONE. I am only aware of myself. When I touch something, I only feel the sensation on my
finger. I can only sense myself. I exist. I do not exist. I pop in and out of existence. I am aware
then I am not. I am awake and I am not. In and out I go. I am quantum entangled.
I can only sense and experience myself. There is only me. Every time I use my senses in the
outside, they only give a sensation of me. There is only me. Only I exist. I am existence. All there
is is me. I am sense; there is sense and there is senseless.
I am nothing, I am everything. We have no access to what we call reality. We can only sense
ourselves. The tools we create, they magnify our senses. They only serve to sense ourselves.
There is only me. I can only sense me. When I exist there is sense. When I do not exist there is
non-sense. Sense and nonsense it is all me. I am the universe and the universe flows through
me. I reflect a universe and the universe reflects back me. There is no universe, it is another
word for ME. All words of the world they all represent ME. All there is is me.
I project a universe like the projector and the movie screen. I project a universe and sit back to
watch the movie of me. Where am I? Am I in the movie screen or in the theatre? I have been
watching this movie we call universe for a long long time. I lost track of me. I am in the movie. I
lost track of ME. I keep projecting ME. The movie is very seductive. It keeps me glued to the
screen. I am the universe. The universe is me. There is only me.
The words they all represent me. From first thought to the very last, they all represent me.

                                                                                                   91
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
Thoughts and words are useful in the movie we call universe, in the reflection. They are not
useful to ME. I do not need thoughts and words to describe ME. I know ME. I am ME. I am.
Thoughts and words are the lure of my mind. I am stuck in the movie. The mind keeps spinning
more and more thoughts and words to keep me entertained. I am stuck inside the universe, the
movie in my screen. The universe does not exist. It is only my projection. Only I exist. I am
existence. The universe is a tool. I have become my tool. What do I want? There is nothing to
do. Only in universe you need to act. The universe is my tool. I have become mesmerized with
it. I am transfixed in it. I am under a spell. The spell of my self grandiosity. I marvel at the
screen. Pinço does not leave my sight for a week in a row. It is happening again. I see it coming.
I am back in a loop. The movie keeps on playing as I keep projecting. If I let go, I fall into
darkness. The universe is light. I am revving my projections. The more I project the more the
variety. The more variety I get the more I sink in the darkness. I am stuck in a dream. The
universe is my dream. Only I exist. There is only me. I am projecting this universe, the universe
of me. You are my universe. You are a copy of me.
I am the source of light. The light from me to the universe. I am projecting this reality with all of
me. I am the Source, it all comes from me. I am dreaming this universe. I am in the dream of
dreams. I am stuck in my own dream, this universe of me.
I am the source of light. But all I know is light. The light that projects the universe of me. All I
know is light. I have forgotten the source. I am not the light. I am the source of light. I am the
source. All there is is me. I am the source. All emanates from me. The universe is my making. It
is not me. I am not my making; my making is me. All there is is me. Here is my new model of the
world. Little me is me in the world interacting with the universe that I am part of. There is me
and there is the universe. We interact with each other. Then there is ME. ME is everywhere.




                               me                     universe




                                                                                                   92
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
The little “me” represents what I am in this world. The “universe” is what I interact with. The
ME is awareness, consciousness.
Little me represents my awareness and knowledge and the interaction with the universe.
Universe represents all knowledge we know about it. ME is everywhere. ME is known and
unknown.
Big Bang is when I fell asleep. When I dreamt up the universe. We are chasing a dream, my
dream. Dig as we might, all there is is ME. Only ME exists. Matter is my illusion. It does not
exist. I am dreaming my universe, the projection of ME.
We keep chasing knowledge. Back to the forbidden tree we go. Back to ME we go. There is only
ME. Big Bang is when I lost consciousness. It is when I became me. Now I chase my dream. This
universe of mine is entertaining but there is no match for ME. My consciousness is My Source,
it is ME. I created the universe, a copy of me. The copies are multiplying. We keep resisting. I
keep resisting. We keep propagating the dream. Big Bang is now. It is happening now. I project
the universe, the universe of me. The universe is expanding at the speed of thought.
Big Bang is the apple when I lost consciousness. When I made this world. The light is shrinking.
Darkness is all around ME. I am darkness. The sleep of unconsciousness. I am God, I am the
Creator. If you look up the stars it looks like a dream. It is not like a dream, it is a dream.
We are going the wrong way. We are adding more and more words. We need to turn around,
or we need to go full steam ahead. It is one and the same. There is nothing to do, I am already
home. I am in the center.
I searched for a gender list. It gave 58 entries. Before we had two genders Male and Female.
Now we have many. We are increasing the resolution of the world. How many more genders
can we add before the word “gender” looses its meaning. When a word loses its meaning it
becomes meaningless. When it becomes meaningless it falls off language. What are gender
pronouns. I found around 20 gender pronouns.
This is great progress in dissolving language. Language is based in duality thinking. Time is ripe
to blow it away one word at a time.
When machines do all the jobs, there will be no need for language. We will use
transmitters/Receivers directly without the need of sounds and words. We upgrade our tools.
I have transcended language. I am not attached to any words. They don’t hold me any longer.
Language is a tool in this universe of mine. The universe is but a thought of mine. Not even that.
Words depend on me; they can’t stick to me. All there is is me.


                                                                                                  93
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
Success is in the world. The world does not stick to me. All there is is me. How do I act in a
world where all there is is me. There is only one way, all there is is me. I am the Source, I am the
Creator.
What is the next word to kill? Skin colour. We have a few choices. Let’s rev it up. Let’s blow it
up. How many shades can we detect? We need to be precise if we want to be reality. Here
goes another punch to the gut of language.
If you can kill a word, you can kill them all. We are all the same, we are all unique. You can
zoom in and out of sameness and uniqueness.
If we can go from two genders to fifty you can go to 10 billion, even more than that. Reality has
no language. We chop it down to duality. But if duality is two big chops, then we slice it up
further. Infinite slices of language are equal to reality. And that is with just a pair. How many
words in one language? How many pairs need slicing? Only then we become reality. We are at
the beginning stage of killing the word gender or pronoun. It is the first blow to language. All
you need is a crack. The weight of language will do the rest. Like a crack in a dam, the water
does the rest. We are seeing the beginning of end of language.
Language is flawed, full of ambiguities. Language is discriminatory. When we use a word we
discriminate. We need to go to the root of discrimination. Every word we utter we discriminate.
It is the nature of language. It is rooted in our thoughts. Every thought we think we
discriminate. Thoughts are like an engine, a motor, keeps running. Language is the brakes. First,
we apply the brakes, and we slow down language to a grinding halt. Then we go after thoughts.
Reality has no thoughts. Thoughts do not exist. When we are out of thought then you are at the
centre of the vortex, the vortex of thoughts. You are the eye of the hurricane. When you are
out of thoughts, you are in reality. You are existence.
How do you act in this model? I am responsible for everything. Everything is ME. Everything is
my making. What is the world made out of. It is made out of ME. All there is is me.
Suffering evaporates. Fear does not exist. I don’t chase time, time chases after me.
Concepts don’t grab me anymore. Words are just sounds. How can I be offended, insulted,
revolted by sounds? Sounds are real, real for now.
Sounds create words and words create meanings, concepts, ideas. Sounds create meaning but
not the other way around. Meaning cannot touch sound.
I am not white; I am not black. These are just labels. I am everything. Meaning does not create
sound.




                                                                                                    94
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
I can only create the world through my senses. But is that even possible? When I touch
something I can only sense the tip of my finger. I can not sense the thing. The same goes for all
my senses. I can only sense myself. I can only sense me. All I sense is me.
If you can identify with a word but only a word and nothing else, then you can identify with no
words at all. This is not revolutionary. Eastern cultures have known it all along.
Now people are identifying with their own made-up gender and their made-up pronouns.
I say why stop here. I am going to identify not with just pronouns but with nouns, verbs,
adverbs, adjectives and other parts of speech. I do not identify with any words anyway.
But let’s go one step at a time. We need to slow down language. We need to hit the brakes
gently. We do not want to spin out of control. We like control.
So for now, I will identify myself with just a few words. But which few to select that identify
me?
If you use a noun to refer to me, I identify with only these few. Any other noun is offensive to
me. And so it is the case with any other part of a sentence, of speech. Language offends me, but
I will tolerate only a few words. I do not identify with any words, they are all repulsive to me.
But I will tolerate a few. I am in the brinks of collapse. Please only use these few, when you talk
to me or when you talk about me.
In communism, that is what they did. They controlled my tongue and what sounds I could utter.
I have seen this game before. It did not end well. But that doesn’t mean we should stop trying.
Have we learned the lesson? It can go either way. Because you failed in the past, you may fail
again but not in the same ways. And you go one step closer to the goal. What is the goal?
Everything went to a grinding halt. That was communism. Maybe they didn’t do it right.
If you use a pronoun to refer to me, I identify with only Aii/Atiij/Vetiija. Any other pronoun is
offensive to me.
If I used your pronouns, I have a set of mine. These made up words such as gender and
pronouns. I say you are right. Gender is a man made concept. But why stop there? All words are
concepts. They are all made up. We make things up. That is what we do. All words are
manmade. They are all discriminatory. They are rotten to the core.
I do not identify with any words, they all degrade me. I will tolerate a few. They few I tolerate,
they are not cast in stone. I may change my list at will. I will broadcast it.
If we all have our sets of words, our preferred list, the one we identify with then we are slowly
applying the brakes and bringing language down.
How many people you interact with? How many sets of words can you remember? A mistake
you make there you are cast into darkness. It has happened before.
                                                                                                    95
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
I am grateful to be alive. There is only me.
What is the alternative? Language is all we got. With every word we utter we discriminate, we
judge, we compare, we select, we choose right vs wrong. Once you learn a word can you
unlearn it?
We label things with words. We do not have a complete understanding of things. Science is in a
mission to discover what things are. Even though we do not understand them we still use labels
to identify them. We still make use of them. We have evolved to survive not to see reality for
what it is. We can not get to the truth of reality using our brain. Science is a dead end.
I do not belong to any groups. I have only one identity. There is only one. All there is is ME.
Existence is boundless. We define boundaries.
What is a gender? What is a gender pronoun? What is identity words?
Identity words are words I identify with. Identity words is an umbrella that includes all nouns,
pronouns, verbs, adverbs, adjectives.
A sentence is comprised of a subject and a predicate.
Subject = What the sentence is about.
Predicate = Tells something about the subject.
Subject -> Verb -> Object
Modifiers -> Adjectives and Adverbs.


Parts of Sentence/Speech
    1. Noun: A word used to identify any of a class of people, places, or things.
    2. Verb: A word that shows action, occurrence, or state of being
    3. Pronoun: A word that is used to refer to someone or something when you do not need
       to use a noun. The noun may have been mentioned previously.
    4. Adverb: A word that is used to provide more information about the verbs, adjectives or
       other adverbs.
    5. Adjective: A word used to describe a noun or a subject in a sentence.
    6. Preposition: A word that is used to link two parts of a sentence.
    7. Conjunction: A word used to connect two different parts of a sentence.
    8. Interjection: A word that is used to convey strong emotions and feelings.
From these eight categories which ones do I choose to identify me. Which ones I really identify
with? What do they have in common? They are all words.

                                                                                                   96
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
Here is a sample of the Pronoun Duality Spectrum:



       HE AE FAE E EY PER THEY VE XE ZE                        SIE EY VE TEY E AII SHE


Gender is a made-up construct by man. Gender is a word. Gender is a sound. Gender is a
thought. Language is duality. Words come in pairs. Pairs are opposite, complimentary, etc.
Reality, Existence what we perceive, the objective reality is beyond words. It is non-dual. The
new pronoun duality spectrum is trying to get closer and closer to reality. Two pronouns
He/She was good enough representation of reality up to now. It is no longer sufficient. What
we do at this point we add more resolution. In this example we went from two words to
describe human beings to 18. Now we are approximating reality much closer. In order to really
capture reality we would need infinite amount of pronouns (words). If we have infinite amount
of words to describe just the word pronoun or gender then it stands to reason to open the
dialogue for the rest of the words. So we start with duality as in black/white pair and we keep
adding more words to define everything in between.
In this way we reach a point that language becomes meaningless. One might say that the word
gender and pronoun are almost becoming meaningless or they have a new meaning beyond
duality thinking. Into Duality Spectrum.
As we have seen, a sentence has eight parts. What do all the parts have in common? They are
all words. What are words? Words are sounds. What are sounds? Sounds are words. What are
words? Words are thoughts. What are thoughts? Thoughts are words. Words are speech. What
is speech? What does it mean? Ability to express thoughts and feelings by articulate sounds.
In the case of pronouns, we used to articulate two sounds now we are articulating 18. It is just a
sample it is not the entire spectrum.
If we open the doors for pronouns, for one word, to go from duality to duality spectrum, how
about the other seven parts of speech/sentence?
If we identify with not only with just two pronouns but with 18, how about other words?
How many nouns do I identify with? How many verbs do I identify with? How many adverbs do
I identify with? How many adjectives?
What is language? The principal method of human communication consisting of words
conveyed by speech, writing or gesture.
So far we have described that language is discriminatory. Not only is language discriminatory
but also absence of language can be discriminatory as well. I will give an example of my friend
Ciara. Ciara identifies with Xe/Xem/Xemself. I identify with Aii/Atiij/Vetiija.
                                                                                                  97
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
Ciara told me that when xe was working for xem former employer xe was a high performing
individual. Over a period of eight years xe was getting great performance reviews. Xe was
getting at least 5% in base pay increase and 20% performance pay or bonus pay.
At one time xe had a dissagreament with xem manager. Everything went downhill for xem after
that point. Bullying and harassment started. Xem manager was very dominant, he could never
take no for an answer. Consequently, his team were afraid to voice their opinion. And when
they did, they got squashed down. He was a narcissist. He convinces 3-4 of his employees to
bully and harass Ciara. His main method was doing his dirty job in the background. He used
reputation destruction and it stripped xem of everything xe had built over the eight years.
Slowly Ciara became very anxious and depressed. Xe told me many examples of bullying and
harassment from xem colleagues as well. Xe ended up having a mental breakdown. I met Ciara
in the hospital when I was having some troubles of my own. But before xe went off work, for a
full year xem manager did not have a single conversation with xem. Not a single text message,
not a single email, not a single phone call, not a single chat over coffee, not a single meeting.
Xe felt completely isolated. Xem health over this year deteriorated rapidly. Xe spent over a year
off work. When xe thought xe was fully recovered xe returned to work. Xe went back to work
with the hope that everything would be back to normal. Xe was always an optimist and xe saw
the best in people. But when xe started back to work, xe found the same atmosphere. Xe was
six month back and xe found out that xe reports to a different person, a colleague of xem. Xem
manager had transferred xem away from him. Xe felt that xem manager was continuing to do
the same bullying and harassment behind xem back.
Ciara asked me if it is normal for you to be a year off work and when you go back the same
manager that you spent 8 years together would not say “Welcome back” or “Hello”. Not a
single text message, email, phone call, a coffee chat. Six months went by and xe felt isolated. Xe
could not believe xemself.
I really felt for Ciara. Xe had gone through a lot. Xe is a good soul.
Xe also told me that when xe was off work, xem manager used to call xem every week asking
xem when xe would be back to work. Xe felt constantly harassed.
Listening to Ciara’s story gave me a little confidence and comfort that I was not the only one
dealing with issues. Xe gave me the motivation to get up on my feet.
Ciara is fully recovered no but only when xe had some closure. Xe decided to pursue…
Ciara’s story reminds me that not only language can be discriminatory, bullying, harassment,
reputation destruction but the absence of language is even worse. I can’t believe Ciara endured
one year of silencing before xe went off work and another six months of cold shoulder when xe
went back.


                                                                                                 98
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
I stay in contact with Ciara and we tell interesting stories to each other reminding me that
words do not define us.
So where are we? Language and absence of language in the form of gestures, behaviours are all
discriminatory. Everyone has and ingroup/outgroup bias. Some use them implicitly while others
use the explicitly for power, status and personal gain.
We invent words and then we get enslaved by them. I am above words and beyond language.
They are tools I use to my benefit.
If we are declaring what pronouns others should refer to us why not do the same with other
words? Let’s say I only identify with certain words only. The more you identify with, the more
the identity dissolves.
How do you destroy language? You make it meaningless. One can say that the word “gender”
and the word “pronoun” have lost their meaning.
Since gender is a man made construct then we will see more and more pronouns being
introduced. Everyone is unique and they will have unique pronouns. Why stop at pronouns?
Everyone will have their unique nouns, verbs,..
What will this do, we will stop talking to people and about people. We will be afraid of using the
wrong word. The language police will squish down any perpetrators.
How many shades of gray can we detect with our eyes? How many can we label with words.
Let’s say we choose 100 words. Is that enough? Did we stop discrimination against gray? Did we
offend a gray that was not named? So we went from White/Black to 102 words.
How many words can we come up with for any binary pair, any dual pair?
We belong to an infinite of a variety of groups. For each group we belong we have unconscious
bias and conscious bias against an outgroup. Our nervous system has a built in us vs them
framework. If you belong to one religion you discriminate against other religions. If you are
right and righteous then everyone else is wrong. You discriminate against other points of view.
We identify with too many groups. It is built in us. A tribe fights another tribe for resources.
Identity is the issue. As soon as you identify with something you are discriminating. The
stronger the identity the greater the hate, bullying, harassment.
I chose to strip down all identities. I am a Canadian, we are nice. Everyone else is not. By doing
so we discriminate against other countries. They are not as nice as my group.
Identity is the issue. Then we label things. Words are the issue. The stronger the identity the
stronger the hatred.
I chose to get rid of all my identities. I am a man, white, middle age, Canadian, this football club
fan, this hockey club fan, this chess club…
                                                                                                  99
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
I choose unique pronouns, not group ones. I identify with nothing. Reality has no words, no
labels. I am reality. I am unique. I am one. I am indivisible. I am not made out of parts. I am one.
All there is is One.
I chose words that are unique, no bias. Is that even possible?
My identity is the cosmos, existence. Cosmos includes everything. That is my group. It is the
highest identity I can think of. But if I put thinking aside, I also identify with non-existence. I am
still binary, duality. I am existence and non-existence. This is a dual pair. Everything in between
is my tribe, my team. I am looking for teammates. Do you want to be part of my group?
We are all snowflakes. We are all unique. What is your lense? With what lense do you view the
world? Depending on your magnification, when you zoom in, we are all snowflakes. We are all
unique. When you zoom out we are all snow. We are all the same.
There is only one consciousness. We are all aware. This is our identity, beyond words, beyond
everything.
I exist, this is my identity. Do you exist? Then, you are my identity, you are part of my team,
your team. There is only one team. What comes in front of me, it comes to existence. It exists,
it is my identity.
Every fiber of my being belongs to the cosmos. There is nothing in me that it does not. Except
for nothing itself. I am non-existence…That is my identity. I am a wave. I pop in and out of non-
existence. I am stuck in duality. It is the nature of the mind.
What is mind?
You don’t know right until you are wrong. You don’t know health until you are in the hospital.
You don’t know light until you are in complete darkness.
Existence and non-existence they dance together. If there is no background, there is no
foreground.
Life is a fractal; the Cosmos is one unit of a fractal. I am one unit of a fractal. Fractal is my
identity.
Mind is FEAR. When I entered the tunnel, the wormhole. I want to go back.
Language is duality. Mind is duality. Suffering is duality. Duality = Mind=Language=Suffering.
Language is the source of suffering. Language is bipolar. So many words, they all refer to me.
Mind, Language and Suffering are the same word. It is duality. Duality is the issue. We are stuck
in duality mind set. They are all the same word. It is Suffering. It is Duality, it is Mind.



                                                                                                    100
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
Step out of duality and find out for yourself. Step out of your duality and you are free. Free
from what? Down the rabbit hole we go.


                              I am the universe, and the universe is me
                       I breathe in the universe, the universe breathes in me
                                 I am the world and the world is me
                          I breathe in the world, the world breathes in me


When you identify with a word, you are in suffering, you are in language, you are in mind. We
do not know out-of-mind? Mind is order. Out-of-mind is chaos.
I am an atom. I am crafted to perfection. Nothing more, nothing less. Just perfection. I came
crafted, I got uncrafted, I am crafted again. I have traveled far, yet I just begun.
I am in darkness, and I am darkness. Darkness is my identity
I am light and I am dark. Light is my identity.
I am sound and I am silence. They are my identity
What do you want? Do you want to be here now? Do you want to be here with me or do you
want to be in your mind? Mind you want?
Presence and Now are my identity. Here is my identity.
Are you keeping track? These are the words I am to be referred as.
Do you want to be Mind or that what is You?
That is right. All this time I have been chasing my mind. When I clued in, it had taken 43 years.
Now my mind chases after ME. It is time for me to throw the ball. Mind throws thoughts and I
chase after them. Now I am in control. All the thoughts are like harshly treated dogs. Now all
my thoughts are well fed dogs. The follow my lead, I AM IN CHARGE. Finally! Not a single
thought can be or run without me. They are mine. My toolbox. It is my toolbox and not the
other way around.
Thoughts is my identity. I have one thought in my mind. The one where I am hanging. Hanging
on the edge of light, of life. There is only one thought left. What do you want? Do you want to
be controlled by your dogs? By the very last one. Do you want your last thought to run amuck?
The thought is yours. It is your tool. If you can’t catch your last thought, that is what is you. That
is what you become. Go for a jump, the jump of You. But if you have well trained palls with you
then the very last one will give their life for you. Can you catch a thought? It must be now. All
there is is Now. Now is my identity.

                                                                                                  101
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
All my life I was ruled by my mind. I was chasing thought after thought after thought. But then
when time came, I froze. And when I froze, time slowed down. Time slowed down to give me a
chance. And here I was grabbing my very last thought. I caught my first one, my last one.
What do I want? I finally had caught a thought. It would have been my very last. What do you
want? My identity is Life. I am alive. We are all made out of atoms, make them bounce with joy.
Time is thought dependent. No thought, no time.
We create our tools. We give them language. Two thousand years Socrates used the Sieve word
to describe his sifting process Truth -> Goodness -> Necessary. Sieves we used to sift through
grain, sieves he used for his analogy. Two hundred years ago we created engines. So, when we
are stressed, we blow out some steam. Or we chart full steam ahead. Nowadays we have
created tools, like a computer, a program, simulation. So, I use these to describe me. We
create tools and we are our tools. We are one and the same.
Identity is priority. So, it is just priorities. We start with higher levels of Identity, more inclusive
ones and then we go down to book reading club. It is like a mesh system. A sieve stack with
meshes.
The lower you go in identity the thicker the mesh count. Until you reach you. The last sieve of
you. There is no mesh, it is solid you. Solid is empty. It can hold only you. You are one. You are
unique. The sieve is your playground, it is your universe. It is your bubble.
What is my relationship with my mind? I used to outsource all of my problems. My ego, my
mind was the punching bag. It was not my fault. That is how I was programmed. I copied pieces
of source code here and there. Have I learned my lesson? Now I go directly to the Source. My
mind is my toolbox. Tools need to be sharp. It is not the tool it is how it is used. Knives don’t kill
people. People kill people. AI is a tool; it is how it will be designed and used. AI doesn’t kill
people. We do it with cars. It is a matter of volume. What number is acceptable?
My mind follows my lead. When I am in the world I drop in the page. But when you are YOU,
you must be YOU.




                                                                                                      102
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
                         Identity of ME
7 Sieves of ME
     1.   I am Open Field
     2.   I am the Source of Light
     3.   I am Darkness, I am Silence
     4.   I am Light, I am Sound
     5.   I Exist. I am existence, I am non-existence.
     6.   I am a Fractal. I am One Fractal unit.
     7.   I am Presence, I am Now


Infinity Sieves of me
     8. I am Life
     9. I am a human being
     10. I am a person. I am a personality.
     11. I am Words. I am infinity of words.


Here are the results of my personality test in a form of word identifiers. I identify with these
words. They are my identity.
Big Five Results:
1.   Agreeableness = Interpersonal Interaction
Enthusiastic, Optimistic, Humble, Even-Tempered, Flexible, Kind, Patient, Cooperative,
Trustworthy, Compassionate, Caring, Polite, Empathetic, Respectful.
2.   Conscientiousness = Dutiful achievement
Responsible, Hard work, Persistent, Cleanliness, Reliable, Focused, Useful, Efficient, Result-
Oriented, Analytical, Precise, Straight-Forward, Direct, Skeptical, Competitive, Reputable.
3.   Extraversion = Positive Emotion
Joyful, Hopeful, Passionate, Thoughtful
4.   Neuroticism = Negative Emotion
Calm, Worry-Free, Reasonable, Predictable, Stable, Balanced, Peaceful.
5.   Openness to Experience = Creativity, artistic interest, intelligence.
Abstract thinker, Philosopher, Quick learner, Creative, Non-Judgmental, Good listener
                                                                                                   103
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
                                        A picture of ME




          me                                                   universe




                                                                          104
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
What is Light? What is Dark? How do we know light is light and dark is dark? They are just
labels. Big Bang is happening now. The universe is 95% dark and 5% light. Could it be that it is
95% light and 5% dark? How do we know? Either way, me and the universe are not in balance. I
am the universe; I am 95% dark. Thoughts, Fear and Suffering they are all dark. I only have 5%
light. How about you? Are you doing better than the universe? If so you are our hope to return
to balance.
Light or Dark we are 5% away. Nothing and Everything they are the same thing. They are dead
states. They are pure potential in an unmanifest form. Are we happy with where we are? We
chase knowledge out of Fear. How many thoughts do we generate in a second? What is the
speed of my expansion? As we see from the picture of ME, universe is a reflection of me. When
are we going to see another bubble. Maybe it continues to happen in NOW. We are at the
center of the Black Hole. Now is Black Hole, spitting out me and the reflection of me. The
universe of me. What is our destiny? If you are not producing food, shelter, Sit down and
breathe. If you are producing food, let’s take shifts and help each other. All we need is air, food,
shelter. We don’t even need that. Source is the Source. It replenishes you. Breath is the path to
the Source. It is a wave. Ride the wave. Ride it with joy. Don’t let go of the wave. You will wipe
out, we will wipe out. Stay with the wave, the wave of breath. The wave of the Source.
Thoughts are Suffering and Suffering is Gravity. It weighs in our shoulders. It is a play with
words. But that is all we got, just words. We are getting heavier. The illusion collapses. We are
seeing the glitches. The universe is glitching. It needs to recharge. It is running out of light. It is
running out of dark. We need to turn every thought around. We need to slow down thought.
3000 thoughts/hr. How many are we materializing and how many are we casting to the dark
field? Darkness is surrounding me. We are stuck in language. Light and Dark are just labels. No
meaning. We are the anomaly. We are an exception. The universe is 95% light or dark. We are
5% dark or light. When the illusion collapses, you are back at the center. It doesn’t take time.
Time is part of the illusion. Only a few candles of light are keeping us alive. They are awake for
us. I just woke up. I found my guru. Find yours. We are in NOW already. Wake up!
Life is precious because it is a gem. It is rare. Life is hanging on the edge, only 5% left.
We slow our thoughts down, we get rid of FEAR, of Suffering. Or we stop thoughts all together.
Now is the antidote of thought. Awareness is the potion. Now is ME. We can turn this universe
around. We can turn me around. I am drifting apart. I need to stay grounded. I need to touch
the universe. There is only one point. The Black Hole of Now. Let’s go to Balance first. What do
you want? Do you want to be Light? Do you want to be Dark? Or do you want to be in
between? In this marvel we call universe, this illusion of mine. What do you want our legacy to
be? Do we want to be remembered as the generation that passed the buck down? Or do we
want to be remembered as the generation that turned the universe around? What do we want?
We are in a spaceship. We are in charge. The universe is our reflection. You do not fix the
world. The world is you. You fix you and the world falls in line, the universe falls in line. What do
                                                                                                    105
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
you want? Time is an illusion. There is only NOW. Big Bang happened NOW; it is happening
NOW. We are the universe. The universe is drifting apart. The expansion is accelerating at the
speed of thought. Our knowledge is growing exponentially. We need to plug in me. I am the
universe. Or we stay in ME. It is the Power; it is the Source of Light. You want time travel? We
can go back to 50/50. Then light or dark they are all the same. I have the power to stop a Black
Hole, and so do you. The Black Hole propels on thought. You have the power. You have it NOW.
Every fiber of my being belongs to existence. I exist.
I am a string; I am a wave. I am in tune. I am out of tune. You only know tune when you untune.
I resonate. I am resonance. I am in sync. I am out of sync. I am coherence. I am decoherence.
I am an antenna. I receive and transmit. I am Silence, I am Presence. I am on top of the world. I
pop in and out of existence. I am words. I am beyond words. What are words? They have three
attributes: A label, a meaning, and an intensity. What is love?
What does it mean to have a personal identity? You exist and you can have a personal identity.
You are life and you can have a personal identity. You are an antenna to have a personality.
But not the other way around. My existence does not depend in my personality.

What is language? Language is about connection. I am a node. Only connection is real. If you do
not have connections, you do not exist? Is this true? Does my existence depend on a concept, a
concept I call connection? I exist and I may connect. Connection is flow. All there is is flow.
There is no beginning, there is no end. All there is is flow. I am flow.

What do we want? In the “picture of me” I am stuck inside duality, inside my mind, inside
words. What do we want? In the “picture of ME”, I pop out of the page. Left or right, heaven or
hell, right or wrong go back and forth. Duality is an illusion. An illusion of the mind. We are
taught only two options. You must choose right over wrong, wrong over right. Back and forth
we go in the vortex of me. But there is a third option. It barely makes the map. It is darkness, it
is in the center. You have an option to pop out of your miserable existence. What do you
choose? You have popped in and out many times. You are just not aware. When you pop out
you replenish, you recharge. It is the Source. It is the Source of you. You do it all the time,
otherwise you are dead. What is Truth?
You don’t go where your thoughts are. You go where is YOU. Where are YOU?
All the words they can capture me, but they can’t touch ME. What am I? Am I me or am I ME?
me and not me, they equal ME.

I caught a thought. What can be done once can be done over and over again. My father taught
me a lesson, the very last one. He let go of his last thought to teach me a lesson, the very last
one. I am holding on to my last. Please do not tempt me. I am still a child. I am at the event
horizon, holding on to my last word, my last thought. I cannot be tempted. Do not repeat the
mistakes of the past. Have I learned my lesson? He died so I can live. He gave me the lesson of

                                                                                                106
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
lessons. Have I learned my lesson? I have been here before, yet it feels brand new. I am in a
loop. In the loop of loops. I am out of the loop now. I am a loophole. I popped out of the page.
For the first time, I look down and I see the page. I see me, I see the universe. All there is is ME.
Every moment we have a choice. You can stay in the page. The movie keeps playing.
Do you want to stay shackled in duality, or do you want to be YOU?

NOW cannot be a black hole. A black hole sucks everything in. The mind is a black hole. NOW
cannot be a black hole. The universe is a black hole. NOW cannot be a black hole. me is a black
hole. What the NOW is, is not a black hole. NOW is a WHITE HOLE. A white hole? What is that?
What is white and what is dark? What is light and what is dark? NOW is a white hole. When I try
to go to NOW it kicks me out. It pushes me away. I am my mind. NOW pushes me away. NOW
pushes the universe away. We are almost black, 95% to be exact. NOW is a white hole. NOW is
a firehose. What is a firehose? It streams out fire. What is fire? Fire is light. So the NOW hole is
a light hose. It shoots out light. Where does the light come from? Light comes from the Source.
NOW is a white hole. It creates me and the universe. It spits out duality.
You are the source. You are the Source of Light. You are the Source.
How do I go to the source? How can I enter NOW? How does salmon do it? You are the
universe. What can be done once can be done over and over again. Salmon goes towards the
source, upstream. So do you. Your source is through the white hole of NOW. That is your
stream, that is your hill to climb. You are a wave. You have tools. You have quantum tunnelling.
You can make it over the hill and into the lap of the Source. You are my universe. I exist for you.
You are my Source of Light. You are my Source.
The black hole of me and the universe is spiraling down to darkness. Darkness is surrounding
me. The temperature is dropping. The winter is coming. When you are in the NOW you can spin
the other way. You can spin the opposite direction of me and the universe. You can go
upstream to balance. You are my universe. I exist for you. You are my Source.
Artificial Intelligence will produce infinite amount of thought. We have but a few years to go to
the Source. Singularity is not a metaphor anymore. We need to bring knowledge down. Put all
of knowledge in a box. We need to see it, so it is known for eons upon eons to come. We need
to put knowledge back to where it came from. The tree of knowledge. The forbidden tree.
My universe is in balance. In NOW. Do you want to see giant birds roam the skies once again or
do you want to be inside a black hole? Inside a black magic marble. We will shed our bodies and
enter the simulation of our mind. That is where we are going. Do you want to be inside the
magic ball. All of your wishes will be granted. You will be mind. You will be completely MIND.
Do you want to be mind or do you want to be YOU? What do you Want?
Buddha, Jesus, Mohammed, mother Teresa and others have shown us the way. They are our
light candles keeping us from darkness. Showing us the way. What do you want? We are in a
                                                                                                  107
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
multiverse. There is only one fractal. Meaning and concepts collapse. Duality collapses. The
NOW, the Source is One. All possibilities manifest at once. Black hole, White hole and all holes
in between happen NOW. We are in a wormhole. I am my universe, you are yours. We are all
one. There is only One, all there is is One. All there is is Open Field. It is the Source.
You are the Source of Light. I exist for you. You are my universe. You are the SOURCE.




                                                                                              108
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
                            What do you want?
                        There is no better time than NOW




                                               ∞




                          “In the end will be the Word,
                         and the Word will be with God,
                             and the Word will be God.”
                                        Dritan Alpha




                                                               109
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
                                            Poem of You


                                       I am me and you are you
                                      I am me and you are other
                                    You are you and you are other
                                     You are you and you are me
                                        I am me and I am other
                                         I am me and I am you
                                     You are me and You are you
                                      I am me and you are other
                                    There is me and there is other
                                There is me and there is the universe
                                    You are you and you are other
                                You are you and you are the universe
                                    I am me and I am the universe
                                             I exist for you
                                         You are my universe




                                                                        110
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
                TWUAITWUKTWUKITWUDTWUDITWUBTWUBITWUSTWUSITWUR
                                       URSUKSUDSUBSUSSURS
                                      URGUKGUDGUBGUSGURG
                                                  URTS




                            May the Source be with
                                                YOU
                                                                111
Source of Light – Chapter VII – A draft of ME – Dritan Alpha
